Welcome to Patterson Office Tower, a game by Stephen Parsons.                                                                                  
                                                                                  
You are a student at the University of Kentucky trying to survive in a                                                                                  
competitive academic environment.                                                                                  
                                                                                  
You start on the first floor and your goal is to make it as far up as you can.                                                                                  
Don't forget that there is an intermezzo floor, so the 18th floor is                                                                                  
deceptively actually the 19th!                                                                                  
                                                                                  
Along the way you will encounter professors and TAs who wish to fail you.                                                                                  
Defeat them by turning in great assignments! If your smarts (experience)                                                                                  
aren't good enough, you will have a hard time. Start with some easy adversaries                                                                                  
in order to gain smarts and increase your status.                                                                                 
                                                                                  
Your GPA (health) starts at 4.0. Luckily for you, the university allows you to                                                                                  
be a student as long as you keep your GPA above 0.0. If you go below this, you                                                                                  
will fail. Keep it high by defeating professors and TAs, but be careful that                                                                                  
they don't keep failing you or you will lose the game. You're generally a good                                                                                  
student, so your GPA will increase slowly as long as you are not challenging                                                                                  
professors constantly.                                                                                  
                                                                                  
The next screen is the help screen and you can get to it during the game by                                                                                  
pressing 'h' at any time. It explains controls and what you might encounter!                                                                                  
                                                                                  
Good luck!                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  
                                                                                  